Things to do :

3. team(team), branch(branch) ... or basically for X(X)
Although this is true, is it really a correct assumption and a required fact.
Test this theory and mostly it just gives no real information although it seems
a fact.

4. Parts of dates (19_feb_1990)
So here you need to divide the different parts of the date into its various components.
day(19), month(feb), year(1990) as now this is more intereseting

5. Adjectives and Modifiers for _possess(X, P) and _property(X, Y)
So better answers can be given with the help of adjectives and other modifiers like
numerical qualifiers so _possess(table, leg), _possess(table, 4_leg) etc.. etc..

6. Different properties and information wont go together, need to annotate properties
with event ids -- important problem how to give event ids to properties and possessions
For example give me a branch of computer science and lets say that the information given
is something like branch(geometry), branch(computational_complexity), 
_is(4, branch, computational_complexity), _is(6, branch, geometry)
_property(4, branch, of(computer_science))
So its only the event id that will keep things sane.

7. Properties and Coordinating Conjunctions
properties of both the verbs in the co-ordinating conjunctions, should be added
Actually this relates to all the X and X where X = verb, X = noun
(Last sentence of story six)

9. Compound Words
Can you use the compound relations given in the dependencies instead using your own 
to get a better relation eg Sentence 1 -> Story 6
Steam_engines are external combustion_engines

10. Using adjectives for prepositions
I fell into hot water
event(E, fall, I, null)
_property(fall, into(water))
_property(fall, into(hot_water))
Story 6 sentences

11. Adjectives and other modifiers arranged according to word index
Modifiers when combined with base words need to be created with ordinal indices in mind
eg atomic-8 number-9 8-10, so here num_mod is 8 of atomic_number, this should be created as
atomic_number_8

12. Process compound particles
compound:prt clause tells about verb + particle
eg taking down, making up

Done :

1. Process mwe - multiword expressions
Multi-word expressions should not be processed in the normal way and should be
ignored things like such as, according to, as soon as, these things are not to be
played with. This will get solved if you use the long form of the nmods   
---- Done ----

2. Process mwe - (such as)
Incase of the multi-word expressions such as "such-as", we get more insight into the 
relation of concept example where the sentence can go like rivals such as Facebook...
So here _is(rival, facebook), favorite information such as movies which becomes 
_is(information, movies)
---- Done ----

8. Using the long form of the relations
eg nmod:through so that you can use that in conjunctions
Sentence 5 in story 6 --> through pistons and turbines
---- Done ----